feat: Allow user to add service account labels (#6022)
grafana/agent: operations/helm/charts/grafana-agent/CHANGELOG.md

- Update `rbac` to include necessary rules for the `otelcol.processor.k8sattributes` component. (@rlankfo)

> - Allow helm chart users to set additional labels on the service account.

Reviewer: I'd like to see the name of the new field in the changelog entry: 

```suggestion
- Add `serviceAccount.additionalLabels` to values.yaml to enable setting additional labels on the created service account.
```
